+++
[choice1]
  text = "Play baseball"
  id = "baseball"

[choice2]
  text = "Play bass"
  id = "bass"
+++

You are Manny Alvarez. You like playing baseball, playing music, and not
getting pantsed.

You grew up in Washington Heights, your parents are both CPAs, and
Carlos Santana's _Supernatural_ album was a major event for your family.
Even _Shaman_ was pretty big.

Last year at camp, Matt Reichmann pantsed you seven times for, as he put
it, "standing like a wiener." It's only your second year at summer camp,
and if you get pantsed again this year, that will be your legacy forever.

You *cannot* get pantsed. If you get pantsed again, your life is over.

Don't get pantsed.

You're twelve.

---

You get out of your mom's beat up station wagon and breath in the heady
country air. It smells like cut grass and oxygen. Kids swarm center
meadow, the younger ones meeting their camp friends in chaotic bursts
of screamed half-sentences, the older ones slouching against the flag
pole, having found a perfect equilibrium with each other, seemingly
telepathically.

You just stand there.

You spot Dylan Cizinski, an alarmingly optimistic kid who didn't try to
pants you last year. You wave and smile, walking over. Dylan juts out
his chin.

"Hey," he says.

"Hey," you reply, matching his chin move.

You go for the low five, but you only make partial contact, and the
sound is disappointing.

"Wait, let's try again," you say.

"Nahhh, it is what it is."

Over the course of a year, Dylan became a fatalist.

You both just stand there, nodding, hands in pockets, looking out at the
crowd of other kids. You get shoved from behind.

"Look who it is!" It was Matt Reichmann, his girlfriend Becky, and a
bunch of other older kids. "Look who has graced us with his presence
but Stripper Manny. Can't wait to see your show later. I heard it's all
nude." The older kids were laughing.

Anger boiled up. "You're not pantsing me again, dick head!" The older
boys laughed and hooted.

"Who said anything about pantsing? *You're* the one who strips!" More
laughter.

Becky pushed Matt. "Oh my God, you're so immature."

Matt fained hurt. "Me? Immature? How dare you?" He let out a low belch.

"Ugh, you're disgusting," Becky yelled, pushing him away. But she was
laughing. Everyone was laughing. They moved on.

"I'm not getting pantsed," you mutter, angry.

"Nahhh, you're getting pantsed," Dylan yawned. More fatalism.

<!--
Poker
Canoeing
Midnight Swim
Locker Room
Baseball
Talent Show
-->
