+++
[give-up]
  text = "Give up"
  id = "06-give-up"
  achievement = "Quitter"

[off-path]
  text = "Throw yourself off the path"
  id = "07-off-path"
  achievement = "Off-Road"

[cat-stance]
  text = "Do cat stance"
  id = "08-cat-stance"
  achievement = "Bad Cat"
+++

You take your bag into the bathroom. Almost instantly, the boys figure
out what you're doing, and start jeering.

"Oooh, new kid is shyyyy," wails Josh, in the sing-song tone reserved
only for the most devastating taunts.

You shut the bathroom door quickly and change as fast as you can.
Your ears burn hot. By the time you force yourself to come out of the
bathroom, everyone seems to have moved on, and no one cares.

They all file out onto the field. You're confused and humiliated. Your
pants are on.

Success! :100:

---

A few days later you have a free block, and decide to take the nature
hike. You remember from last year that the hike was mostly full of
neo-hippies and kids who didn't know what else to do. Perfect.

You walk out to the starting spot in the meadow near the trees. You see
a few groups of kids milling around. You walk towards the cluster who
seems most likely to know what hemp is. You talk to a lanky white kid
with blond dreads.

"Hey, is this the group for the nature hike?" You ask.

"Sure thing, brother. You've come to the right place." He laughs from
the chest, like something really funny happened. Did you miss something?

"Cool. I'm Manny, by the way." You extend your hand.

The guy grasps your hand weakly, as if he didn't want to hurt the
microbes on your palms. It feels like holding a dish rag.

"What's your name?" You ask.

"Sun Child."

"Oh. Cool."

"Werd, werd, werd."

His grin stays fixed in place. You're now convinced he's completely
genuine, and that doesn't comfort you. You both nod and wait for the
hike to start.

Other kids gather. Jerry, the most enthusiastic counselor at camp, leads
the hike.

"Alright, guys, let's conquer this mountain!" Jerry yells in six
different octaves.

Caleb, who once bragged about his then current boner, nudges you.

"That's what _she_ said."

He was one of the kids who didn't know what else to do.

The hike is going okay. You zone out as the group winds along the trail,
letting your mind wander amidst the bird song and smell of mulching
leaves. The trails incline is getting steeper. You reach a rocky section
that seems to go straight up.

"Everyone get in single file, and go slowly," Jerry warns. "If the dirt
slips out from under you, just drop into cat stance like we practiced,
okay?"

Cat stance? You don't remember anything about a cat stance. This was practiced?

You nudge Caleb. "Hey, what's cat stance?"

"It's how I fuck your mom," he says triumphantly, extending his hand for
a high-five.

"You can eat shit," you inform him.

Caleb pushes past you.

"Race ya!"

You try to push past him, but trying to shove on a steep incline proves
too much; the dirt slips from under you.

You flail as you slide back down the incline, on the edge of wiping out.

"Cat stance! Cat stance!" You hear screamed at you from all directions.

Your speed increases. Your body tilts back. You twist around and time stops:

She's very short, curvy, with toffee skin, ice-blue eyes, short hair
dyed purple, a silver nose ring and kind dimples. You're in love. You
know you're meant for each other. You can see how this moment will be a
romantic story to tell your grandkids someday.

She's perfect. She's right in your path. You flail.

Do youâ€¦
