"Uhh, yeah, yeah, sounds…sounds cool."

You throw on your clothes, and add a sweater and jacket even though it's
not at all cold. Half the boys in your cabin creep outside with you,
hunching over, a few holding pretend pistols and humming theme music as
they sneak.

It's you, Markus, Alex Yani, Adalfo Gonzalez, and Phillipe from baseball.

"Hey, where were you yesterday? You off the team?" He asks.

"Uhh, yeah, I'm just…yeah. Whatever, you know?"

"Yeah, alright, whatever."

You creep through the darkness and arrive with the rest of the crew at
the girl's cabin. You go around back, and Markus knocks on the window.
Jess Buono opens it, stubbing her finger in the jam.

"Shit," she says, shaking her hand, her hoop bracelets jangling.

"Yo, quiet, your RA is gonna hear," Markus hisses.

"Oh, grow up, Janet takes an Ambien every night. Why do you think we're
having it here?" She sucks her bruised finger. "Come in."

You all climb in the window and drop into the cleanest room you've ever
been in. Lit candles are arranged in a circle.

"Where'd you get the candles?" Asks Adalfo.

"A lady never tells," says Kimberly Tan, smirking and raising an eyebrow.

"Girl, you trippin'," laughs Adalfo.

Crap, you think. These kids already have some secret flirting language.
They're so mature, it's like they're another form of life.

You're terrified. Everyone seems super casual about the impending
ritualized nudity. Wasn't showing your junk the worst thing that could
happen to you?

You don't know the rules anymore. There has to be some catch you're
missing, right? You hope to God you're not one of those people who get
fear boners.

As soon as you think that thought, you get a little hard.

You sit down, quickly, right where you're standing.

"Alright, everyone sit in a circle behind the candles, so it's boy girl
boy girl," says Shaunte Williams. She points at you. "Hey, circle's over
here."

You're sitting by the window, across the room from the circle. Great,
already you look like a jackass.

You've found the catch.

"Sorry," you say, getting up awkwardly to hide your half-chub.

You crab walk over to the circle, noticing on the way over a pile of
dirty clothes shoved under a bed. So that's where the mess went, you
think, feeling a bit more comfortable. You sit between Phillipe and
Jess.

"We're short one girl," gripes Phillipe, edging away from you.

"Omagod, we gotta Math wiz over here," says Shaunte, "Becky be out in a
minute."

Becky? Matt Richman's girlfriend Becky? A 'heartbeat away from a
pantsing' Becky?

A toilet flushes, and sure enough, Becky Rosen walks in. If she
recognizes you, she doesn't let on. She sits in the open "girl" spot
between you and Phillipe.

"Anybody got any booze?" she asks. No one does. "Yeah, didn't think so."
She bounces up and down in her seat. "Alright, let's do this!"
