"Uhh, yeah, yeah, sounds…sounds cool."

You throw on your clothes, and add a sweater and jacket even though it's
not at all cold.

It's you, Markus, Alex Yani, Adalfo Gonzalez, and Phillipe from baseball.

"Hey, where were you yesterday? You off the team?" He asks.

"Uhh, yeah, I'm just…yeah. Whatever, you know?"

"Yeah, alright, whatever."

You creep through the darkness and arrive with the rest of the crew at
the girl's cabin. You go around back, and Markus knocks on the window.
Jess Buono opens it, stubbing her finger in the jam.

"Shit," she says, shaking her hand, her hoop bracelets jangling.

"Yo, quiet, your RA is gonna hear," Markus hisses.

"Oh, grow up, Janet takes an Ambien every night. Why do you think we're
having it here?" She sucks her bruised finger. "Come in."

You all climb in the window and drop into the cleanest room you've ever
been in. Lit candles are arranged in a circle.

"Where'd you get the candles?" Asks Adalfo.

"A lady never tells," says Kimberly Tan, smirking and raising an eyebrow.

"Girl, you trippin'," laughs Adalfo.

Crap, you think. These kids already have some secret flirting language.
They're so mature, it's like they're another form of life.

You're terrified. Everyone seems super casual about the impending
ritualized nudity. Wasn't showing your junk the worst thing that could
happen to you?

"Alright, everyone sit in a circle behind the candles, so it's boy girl
boy girl," says Shaunte Williams. You sit between Phillipe and Jess.

"We're short one girl," gripes Phillipe, edging away from you.

"Omagod, we gotta Math wiz over here," says Shaunte, "Becky be out in a
minute."

Becky? Matt Richman's girlfriend Becky? The
heartbeat-away-from-a-pantsing Becky?

A toilet flushes, and sure enough, Becky Rosen walks in. If she
recognizes you, she doesn't let on.

You glance around, panicked, afraid you overlooked Matt Richman himself
somehow. Yet Matt remains not there, and no one comments on it, as if
Matt and Becky never even met.

Becky sits in the open "girl" spot between you and Phillipe.

"Anybody got any booze?" she asks. No one does. "Yeah, whatever." She
looks at you. "Why are you so quiet?"

Everyone else stops talking, looks at you.

"I-I don't know." You stammer.

"Oh my gawd, are you a perv?" She asks, sounding deeply concerned.

"What? No, I-I-I…"

Becky clicks her tongue, shakes her head, dismissing the situation.
You crawl deep inside your head, trying to escape. As if to further
drive home how over it she is, Becky bounces up and down in her seat.
"Alright, let's do this!"

Isa Hernandez deals, rounds are played, clothes are lost. You are not
good at poker, and lose an article of clothing almost every round. Your
extra layers give you some buffer, but the future doesn't look good.
Everyone is half naked.

Your shirt is next, and you feel the dread rise as the cards are slapped
down. Some of the other guys lost their shirts, but they all had muscles
to flex when they did, so you have no usable modal for how to do it.

Somehow, Becky loses the round. She's in her bra. Everyone "Oooh's." She
wiggles performatively, hands behind her back as she unhooks the claps,
then throws her bra in a big "ta da" motion. She laughs uncontrollably
while everyone else cheers.

"Oh my gawd, I can't believe I did that."

Her breasts are out. They stay out. You like them. You flush hot. She
turns to you. You haven't said anything all game. You panic. She narrows
her eyes.

Do you…
