+++
[run-away]
  text = "Run off stage"
  id = "18-run-away"
  [run-away.achievement]
    text = "Stage Fright"
    type = "bad"
[pull-up-pants]
  text = "Pull up your pants"
  id = "19-pull-up-pants"
  [pull-up-pants.achievement]
    text = "Stage Censor"
    type = "bad"
[bass-note]
  text = "Play sexy bass"
  id = "20-bass-note"
  [bass-note.achievement]
    text = "Low End"
    type = "good"
+++

You're in over your head, and you know it. Not yet a big kid, no longer
a little kid, you're stuck right in the middle: a wiener kid. You have
nothing to add here.

To escape, you lean on the presumed safety of your prior little kid
self, and his knowledge of Saturday morning cartoons.

You jump up and point at the door.

"Oh my God, look, it's what's her face, you know…your RA!"

Jess looks puzzled.

"You mean Janet?"

It's barely a distraction, but you take it. You run for the window, but
Jess had locked it. You fumble for a moment.

Markus, "What are you doing, bro?"

You give up, turn.

"I can't do this! I don't…I don't…"

Horrifyingly, your words are punctured by an escaped sob.

There's a stunned silence, then:

"Aww, man," Philippe gets up, "Manny's right, he's too young for this."

"No, no, I-I just…"

"It's okay, if you're not ready you're not ready."

"Ugh, I feel horrible," says Amy. "I'm sorry, Manny. Please don't cry."

You frantically wipe a tear.

"How old are you?" Asks Shaunte, gentle.

"T-twelve," you manage. She shakes her head.

"What a difference a year makes," she says, a sage.

"Hey, c'mon, don't feel bad, man," Philippe again, "When _you're_
thirteen, you'll have all of this on lock. I promise."

You nod, grateful for the pep talk, even if Philippe is lying.

"Yeah," Amy says, "You can come back next year and play with us, right?"
She looks expectantly around the room. The group makes noises in the
affirmative.

The pity isn't the greatest feeling, but everyone's being nice, and
being honest is a lot better than posturing.

Becky says, "It's okay. We didn't want to see your jailbait dick, anyway."

Your pants are on. Success! :100:

---

Thankfully, you're misadventure isn't the running gossip from the strip
poker night. Instead, the main story is that Becky was there, and Matt
Reichmann wasn't, with fevered speculation about why.

But you're honestly not paying much attention. You have other concerns.
This is the last full day of camp, and tonight is the night of the big
talent show, and you're performing.

You agreed to play bass with a group doing a U2 cover.

You're waiting "backstage", cramped behind a curtain stretched across
the back of a barn, the smell of hay thick in your nose, and the sounds
of Cypress Parker lip-syncing Monty Python on stage thin in your nose.

Your band spent more time deciding on a name than practicing. The
problem was that you, Erik, and Gina were into punk rock, and Kelsey,
Bonnie, and Seamus were into Irish folk. Half wanted a name that
reflected tradition, the other half wanted a name to subverted that.

In an attempt at democracy, everyone decided the band name should
combine both elements, but when mashing together a traditional name with
a subversive one, the effect was always subversive.

This fundamental block was eventually resolved by the traditionalists
conceding that the band name, by nature, would have to be punk, but in
recompense, they would get more weight in deciding the song.

Hence, U2.

Everyone at camp is seated out there. Your secret fantasy is that Mia
will see your performance, forgive everything, and fall madly in love
with you. Your stomach is curled in roiling knots. Your band's lack of
practice isn't helping. You hear councilor Dina call your group up.

"Please welcome to the stage, 'Peter, Paul, and Blood'!"

You all run out on stage, and start playing whatever the hell the name
of the U2 song you're covering was.

The music happens. It's fine. You miss a few notes, but so has everyone
else.

You relax a bit, and look out at the crowd.

People are bobbing their heads. Not bad. You see Sun Child shaking his dreads.

"Werd up, brother!" he yells. You're not sure if that's directed at you;
Sun Child says "Werd" in response to almost everything.

Next to him is Alton, the pervert.

"You're mom's hot!" he yells, accusing. You're pretty sure that was
directed at you.

You keep your eyes moving. There's Becky and her posse. She is not
looking at you.

And there she is, Mia, staring right at you. You miss a whole musical
phrase, and need to stare down at your bass to get back in time.

When you look up, Mia is no longer looking at you, or the stage at all.
She's looking into the crowd. You follow her gaze: Matt Reichmann
barrelling towards you.

"You wanna strip with my girlfriend, huh Manny?" He doesn't pause to let you answer the question. "Then why don't you strip right *now*!"

Before you have time to react, he's leapt on the stage and yanked
your pants down, underwear and all. His foot tangles in a wire, the
aggression of his pantsing throwing him off balance, and he pitches
off the stage, crashing in a painful, tangled heap as quickly as he
appeared. A loud thunk as his head hits the ground announces he's out
cold.

There is a collective gasp from the audience.

The music has stopped. The crowd's shock is starting to molt into
comprehension. You can feel their gaze moving from Matt, back to you.

Your balls are hanging over your bass.

Do you…
